Hi there~
I'm the Virtual Youtuber - Kizuna Ai.
A little while ago
I uploaded a video testing my kanji skills right?
"Ai-chan's English language plugin's not installed, isn't that bad?"
-Is what you said!
What's with that rude-
What's with that rude- or not.
Well it's the truth, you're not wrong.
Just that..
You see..
My English really is-
-bad.
If I can practice more English,
"More communication with people from all sorts of countries-
-could be done!"
Is what I keep thinking.
More of that..
Comments along with tweets, all this communication, I want to be able to receive it well!
So this time around
I'll be studying other languages.
First, English's study-
-is what I think I'll do.
I title it -
*text reads*
First session
Kizuna Ai's
English Study
If you wish to learn English this way as well,
-then let's work hard together!
Then let's go~
This time we'll be using Duolingo's services,
*text reads*
Enjoyable foreign language learning service
「Duolingo」
to study together!
How to say this..
It's a service that lets you feel like you're playing a game while learning the language at the same time!
Isn't it great?
Suits me perfectly.
It's got Apple's "App of the Year".
And,
Google Play's "Best of the Best"
Each of the awards given due to it being a popularly endorsed service!
Not only does it provide its own website,
-there's also the iPhone/Android version!
Which is why for this video,
we're using the app version of it!
Now, I want to quickly start with it but..
"Are you a beginner?"
- Is the question written there.
Well of course! For me - the global super A.I.
It'll be have to be the "Intermediate/Advanced" right?
I'll nail the simple 5-minutes test.
Please translate this sentence.
(I'll just put in the meaning word by word)
They..
Have..
Water..
O - continuation letter for a subject 'water'
*typed as 'wo' on a romaji keyboard*
Drink it..
They...
Wait..
It might not be "her".
Uhm.. so..
Just like this!
I really don't have the English plugin.
Uhm...
Ducks..
The ducks..
Those..
Ducks..
"Ducks" is 'Kamo' right?
There's 2 'ducks'..
Those..
Duck..
Ah I understand now!
Those ducks are my ducks!
*No misdirection in translation*
See that?
I did it~
Please translate the following sentence!
"He loves you."
What's 「彼」(kare) in English again?
They.. (or there)?
*I can't tell*
Like this..
It kinda goes like this?
*Absolutely wrong lolol*
Space..
Is..
I wonder what's 「あなた」(you) in English again?
You!
You..
「あなた」- means "you" in English. A more polite word to use in Japan than e.g.「お前」(omae)
Oh..
You..
For..
Fo...
Falling..
Falling... *giggles*
Fall..
Eh?
Ling-gu?
Love!
*silent*
Ok Perfect!
Eh-zen..
COMPLETELY DIFFERENT!
Ah! 'He'?
Heee lafuuzuu yuu~
*sorry I had to*
Simple!
Eh~?!
I thought a little bit too hard yes?
I knew it it's because of that..
My processing speed's too fast.
*text writes*
Please insert what you hear.
The... dog... is... ours....
Now...
The..
The... dog... is... ours...
Dog..
Is..
What was the last one?
What's 'ours' again?
Ah~zu?
A-war-zu!
*This nice looking inscription 'Awarzu' should be the english audience's new cheer sign for Ai*
*Incorrect basic word used"
The dog is ours.
Translation: (Google the words if you want)
Sono Inu Wa Watashi-tachi no mono desu.
I see... it's the last word huh..
Ah but!
The last..
Word's..
Since the 'rs' is there,
- so that was close isn't it?
*very close indeed...*
Just missed out the 'o' & 'u'.
"The/that dog is ours" - I see.
Well.. you know... I did position the words correctly..
Just that I missed one of it
"The boy's dog"
Ah it'll be easy for me to translate this~
Well then...
Boy's dog...
The..
Dog...
Eh?
Boy's..
Stuff..
*Completed sentence*
The dog - Boy's possession
*Tries not to get confused*
*text reads*
Example of correct translation:
Sono Shounen no Inu
*She literally got the sentence wrong (structurely) in her own language, guess the english messed it up*
"The boy's dog"
Yes! I know it now~
"He drinks my tea"
Tea..
Do-ri~n-ku-su~
("Drinks" in english)
(ドリンクス in Katakana)
My...
'Tea' means..
What is it again?
Is it not?
Isn't it like this?
"My tea" is what it said right?
Which is translated as-
He..
Eh?
"He drinks my tea"
*text reads*
There's a spelling error.
He drinks my tea.
Translation:
「Kare wa Watashi no o-chya o nomimasu」
So close!!!
There wasn't a need for 'o'!
"He drinks my tea"
So that's it~
Eh!
So close....
Please translate this sentence.
"That cheese is yours."
The..
Cheese..
Is..
*she clicked on 'it' instead* xD
Your..
*she didn't pronounce the 'S" properly*
This.. ?
*she doesn't know what a turtle is*
Turtle - 「カメ」「亀」
*text reads*
Example of correct translation:
The cheese is yours.
A@$*&^@$H!!!!!
*Ai.exe has stopped responding*
Ah? That's all it needed to be correct?
Between the two words with 'I's , I chose "it" instead of the right word - "is".
It'll be embarassing if I keep getting so close to the correct answer & don't get at least 5 score...
"I eat food"
I..
Eat..
Food.. - shouldn't get that wrong
*eat ----> it*
"I eat!" (food)
- Is what she said exactly but it's right in Japanese.
*text reads*
Example of correct translation:
I eat food.
Translation:
「Watashi wa Tabemono wo Tabemasu」
Eat!
"It" - wasn't that what it said?!
Isn't the pronounciation a little too similar?
Please translate this sentence.
"I'll eat my own lunch"
*makes more sense*
I...
Am...
I am..
Eat...
My...
Lunch...
'Lunch' is spelled like this right?
"I am eat my lunch"
*rip grammar*
How is it?
*text reads*
Wrong use of word.
I eat my lunch.
Isn't that way too close?!
Too close!
Please look at it everyone!
"Am" wasn't needed?
Well, it's because...
My brain's too good for this small stuff~
So it's not compatible for use..
Please translate this sentence.
"The man drinks beer."
Hold on, this..
I know which is the first word here
Because there's a uppercase here
The..
Man..
Drink..
Which one is 'beer'?
Ah! This one!
The..
Man..
Drink..
Is it right?
Well it's probably right..
*text reads*
Correct
Told you~ Do you see that?
I'm a specialist at translating right?
Well, but I'll have to choose if I want to do it properly.
Please translate the sentence.
"He eats the meal"
See? It starts with a uppercase word.
He..
The..
It's ok as it is right?
*text reads*
Example of correct translation:
He eats the meal.
If I let useless stuff into me-
-the next task will be done badly.
Well! Well! This stuff happens sometimes.
It..
Is..
My..
Child!
*text reads*
There's a spelling error
It is my child.
Translation:
「Sore wa Watashi no Kodomo desu。」
There wasn't a need for 'a'
So close! I'm getting so close everytime~
"We drink water."
We..
Drink..
Water..
*text reads*
Correct.
I can translate really well!
In Japanese - English.
Flawless.
You drink?..
Uh?
You drink..
Melon?..
*completely different again xD*
Meron?..
*text reads*
Wrong use of word.
You drink milk.
Translation:
「Anata wa Gyunyu o Nomi masu。」
Milk?!
I really like milk~!
This is no good isn't it?
"Welcome, Taro!"
"Welcome, Taro!" in Japanese
Yes.
"Taro and I eat."
Taro..
Ah.. which one was it for this?..
Taro~
*damn you lucky Taro*
And..
I..
Eat..
*text reads*
Correct.
Oh! It's correct!
Awesome!
I may just understood what it said even though it was fast.
"How are you?" -
How do I spell it again?
Ha..
Wa...
You?..
*text reads*
Wrong use of words.
Good morning, how are you?
Translation:
「Ohaiyou Gozaimasu, o Genki desuka？」
God... *giggles*
It became "God morning"~
How are you?~
I see so that's how it works...
"Sayonara."
*If you don't know what this means, what are you doing here?*
*text reads*
Correct.
Oh~ Yes~
"No, I am not fine."
No..
I...
Ammu~
Eh? I don't understand..
No, I am..
I am..
Ah..
Fine~!
What about "Fine" ?
Not..
"Fine" - what's that?
WAIN?!
WAI?!
*text reads*
Wrong use of word.
"Yes, I'm fine"
Yes.
Fine..
*text reads*
Wrong use of word.
So close!
So close! It's really close!
Ah! I just did it just now!
I've properly studied~
Is "how" written like this?
I feel like it's an 'o' instead of 'a'.
Awesome!
I've properly studied!
I'm fine.
*text reads*
Example of correct translation:
「Ee, Genki-desu。」
*she missed out "ええ" which represents "Yes"*
I see.
No..
No thanks.
You've run out of hearts.
So we have to start from the "Basic 1" yes?
So that's how it is.
I'll accept the challenge.
So how did everyone do?
I really need a English plugin right~?
Do I need the plugin?
I need it don't I?
Well but~
If I have to start from the basics - that means I'll have to start over again
Well especially since..
From basic- Ah! I know it's that..
For English~!
For people in Japan that can't understand English well -
I'll start from the basics and learn together with you~
With that said,
-from now on, let's work hard together on English!
See you again~